this is a first for winsome hill these
are master bedroom on the main master on
the main walkout ranchers and they're in
a duplex style so we call them paired
homes they're bright they're spacious
they're livable they're perfect for
people who are wanting to downsize from
a larger single-family home and have a
lifestyle that's sort of a lock and
leave where strata will take care of all
the maintenance and yard work and and
they can just enjoy living and still
have their furniture from their homes
fit in these floor plans these homes are
designed that you can do everything that
you need on your main floor one one
level you got a double car garage you
got a driveway for extra parking you've
got a laundry room you have a master
bedroom walk-in closet a large ensuite
big kitchen living dining area nice
grand entry for letting your guests and
then downstairs we have various options
where you can customize your home to
suit your needs with the large
recreation room wet bar you can have up
to two bedrooms down there
so winsome Hill is located in self
Glenmore and as a cloner resident self
Glenmore is it is to me a little bit of
a secret area in that your five minutes
to downtown by car your five minutes to
Orchard Park Mall you're close to
everything yet here we are on the edge
of the hill right beside Knox Mountain
Park it feels like you're much further
away from town than that and you're
close to all these recreational
opportunities at mission group we care
very much about each one of our
homeowners and we've luck we've won in
the last five years our customer service
award a four out of five years we take
customer experience it's our most
important value we want to make sure
that you are treated as as well as we
would treat ourselves so we really want
to look after you make sure that after
you've moved in we take care of
deficiencies that invariably pop up
we're not perfect but we strive to be